minutes before ready to eat , bring pot of water to boil for pasta .
Cook pasta according to directions , but cook the pasta more on the al dente side .
Boil ziti or other pasta , i. e. rigatoni , penne , farfalle , rotini , following package directions , drain and place in a large bowl .
Heat oil onion and garlic in large saucepan cook until tender .
Bake in preheated oven for 45 - 55 minutes for a large loaf pan ; 30 - 35 for smaller pans , or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean .
Break or cut the florets into small , regular pieces ( about 1 1/2 inch ) and put them in the steamer insert .
When the butter and sugar has reached the light and fluffy stage , add the egg mixture in three stages , mixing thoroughly and scraping down the sides as necessary .
Sift together dry ingredients : flour , baking soda and salt , set this aside .
Place the cooled , roasted spices in a spice grinder or a powerful blender , such as a Vitamix , and process into a fine powder .
In my kitchen - aid mixer - I add the warm water , the salt , the sugar and olive oil and yeast and wait 5 minutes . (also issues with AMR in general)
Once combined , either knead with your hands on a floured surface or with the dough hook for about 5 - 7 minutes .
This recipe can be divided into 4 pieces to make smaller , thin crust pizzas , or can be divided in half to make 2 larger , medium - thick crust pizzas .
Heat a little oil in a deep - sided frying pan or heatproof casserole dish and brown chicken pieces all over .
Combine chicken soup , soy sauce , the zest of one orange , and the juice of two oranges , and pour this liquid over the browned chicken pieces .
Combine 1 tbsp of cornstarch and 1 tbsp of water and add to orange sauce .
Add the dried chili peppers , tangerine peel , and star anise , and toast for about 20 seconds , being careful not to burn the aromatics .
Bake for 30 minutes ( mini loaf pans ) or 45 - 55 for large loaf pan or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with just a few crumbs .
Add all the ingredients except the cilantro and tortilla strips to the slow cooker and mix . (also issues with AMR in general)
Remove the chicken from the slow cooker and shred with a fork ( or place the chicken into your stand mixer with the paddle attachment and mix on low speed until it is shredded ) . (also issues with AMR in general)
Once shredded , return the chicken back to the slow cooker , and add the black beans , pinto beans , corn , and lime juice , continuing to cook on low heat until the beans have heated through .
Add onion , garlic , chili powder , cumin , paprika , coriander and season with salt and pepper to taste .
Cook for 3 - 4 hours on high heat or 6 - 8 hours on low heat , until the chicken is cooked through and shreds easily .
To serve the soup , lay out all toppings in bowls and allow everyone to add garnishes to their soup as they see fit .
